For this assignment, I chose to discuss Ant-Man as I wrote a 12-15 page paper on the charcter in my spring course this previous semester. My paper was written to inform readers about how father good and redemptions both play pivotal roles in the legacy created by Ant-Man, aka Scott Lang. This is the most recent scholarly written work I have produced, and with it being ther most fresh on my mind, I figured this was the best topic for me to discuss. I am also a big superhero fan and an Ant-Man fan, so it is coll for me to get to present this project in a different way rather than just being a 12-15 page paper. In this assignment I will apply basic knowledge learned throughout this course and attempt to use it to create a mobile friendly experience website discussing the things previously mentioned. There will be a fw different sections: the first scetion being my hero section withb the correct main theme, next will be my brief overview, followed up by three key points, after that I will jump into my process and methods for this research, and I will finally end it off with the significance of this sight as well as a provising contact information in the case that anyone else has any questions about my webpage. This assignment will test my CSS and styling skills, but with this being just a rough draft, I will not try to do anything too fancy. This is just a rough draft. For the final presentation, I will play around with some more alignment features, colors, and image enhancements. I also would like to change up the header before my final portfolio submission. 
